Yes, Yanyan.
Ah Chen
This is the biological father we just found
You have eyes. It turns out that Miss Eaves is not surnamed Wu.
The surname is Di, you know each other
Yanyan knows
It turns out that we Yanyan and Ah Chen are so fated
So Mr. Smith is here today
I want to hear that Miss Li just came home
I brought a little gift to have a look.
Aren't you here to annul the marriage?
Is it because the marriage partner is Miss Ouyan?
So you changed your mind?
This face change is too fast
Grandpa heard you just got back
Always wanted to see you
I don't know if you have time to watch it with me.
But I just saw grandpa yesterday.
This time is different
As for the identity of my fiancée
Grandpa, since the master wants to see you
It is better to choose the day than to hit the day
How are you today?
You have an engagement with Acheng
You go and visit
If you don't want to be your fiancée
Can you express your concern on behalf of the neighbor?
Well, that's a good idea.
Yeah, I am.
Show my heart on behalf of us leaving home
Then grandpa will pay a visit
Tenth grandpa, you have been back for so many days
I should go
You go visit
Bring some gifts
Not empty-handed
No need for gifts
Just be humane
No, no, no, first time meeting
Etiquette is indispensable
Come and prepare. Yes.